Chargacard..  Changing the Face of Money  https://www.chargacard.com/
ChargaCard is a store-issued credit card that allows customers to pay in installments. Our objective is to empower online shoppers, especially the 70% of millennials without credit scores and limited access to credit, with an alternative financing solution. Unlike the competition which offers third-party financing, ChargaCard empowers online stores to build a recurring financial relationship with their customers, get repeat business, increase brand loyalty, and grow their business through the ChargaNetwork.


Diagnosis AI: Technology Advancing Medical Care http://www.diagnosisai.com/
  DiagnosisAI guides patients through complicated surgeries using artificial intelligence to provide patients directed reminders, answers to questions, diagnoses, and recommended treatments while maximizing clinic reimbursements using data analytics. DiagnosisAI aims to be at the heart of the future connected medical experience.


Hygge -- OPO:  The Outlet, Perfected  https://www.hyggepower.com/
Hygge (pronounced HUE-guh) is the Danish culture of coziness and beauty in everyday moments, and the inspiration behind Hygge Power. By transforming the everyday outlet, we’re transforming how people feel about and use power. And OPO is just the beginning.

Simor -- Honoring the Intuitive Mind   https://www.simor.org/
The intuitive mind is a sacred gift and the rational mind is a faithful servant. We have created a society that honors the servant and has forgotten the gift.
~Albert Einstein Simor aims to honor the sacred gift by connecting you intellectually.

True Sync Media --  Video Networks By Design  https://truesyncmedia.com/
Promote your latest specials and new food items. Blend your messaging with our award winning content and get noticed! Create the message once and distribute the message across all locations instantly. Replace TV on mute with engaging content that gets noticed. No longer will you promote competitors on TVs at your location.

Welto -- Pay Bills with Cryptocurrency   http://welto.io/
Welto is a blockchain-enabled bill and personal finance management platform that allows bitcoin owners to directly pay bills without dealing with exchanges and mismatched currencies.

Yaguara - Your Growth Management Platform  https://yaguara.co/
Yaguara aligns your team behind goals and gives individuals access to the data they need so they can be productive, proactive, and successful.

Fanboard - Augmenting the Fan Experience  http://fanboard.co/
The number one goal of Fanboard is to create a better fan experience, to turn a mobile device into an enhancing lense that can transform the everyday into interactive moments. Fanboard's immersive products attract fans to their favorite team's native app. This is extremely powerful for the franchise. Engagement here creates connection with the team's brand and provides the opportunity to connect fans to team sponsors.
